hello my name's Forrest Forrest Gump
would you like a chocolate oh thank you
it's funny what a young man
rhett collects you're the same as
everybody else you are no different
your boys different promises to be is a
stupid noise and Jenny I'm throws for
Scott she was my most special friend my
only friend
we puts together all the time we were
like peas and carrots Jenny
[Applause]
[Music]
you wouldn't believe it if I told you
but I can run like the wind blows who in
the hell is that
and there's false golf coach that's the
local idiot I never thought it would
tighten me anywhere
baby put me on a thing called the
all-america team
well you get to make the President of
the United States
gratulations how's the field be an
all-american now maybe it's just me but
college was very confusing times if you
have been with a girl Forrest sit next
to them in the home economics class all
the time
have you given any thought to your
future they said in the Vietnam can you
promise me something okay
if you ever in trouble don't try to be
brave it just run okay okay where you
boys run in the world
Alabama saw you twins no we are not
relationship some raisin what I was
doing seemed to make sense to people
awarded the Medal of Honor
oh come now my mama's always telling me
how miracles happen every day
some people don't think so you can come
home with me my house and Greenbow I'll
take care of you why are you so good to
me you're my girl Paramount Pictures
presents Tom Hanks I'm not a smart man
but I know what love is Robin right will
you marry me I'd make a good husband to
me you would Forrest but you won't marry
me Gary Sinise I never thanked you for
saving my life and Sally feel my forest
is gonna get the same opportunities as
everyone else
a film by Robert Zemeckis what's Mike
the silly mom you're gonna have to
figure that out for you sale
[Music]
the world will never seem the same once
you've seen it through the eyes of
Forrest Gump my mom always said life was
like a box of chocolates you never know
what you're gonna get
you
[Music]